feat: oneclick for hrm (#493)
vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `Invoke-WsaDirectorySync` cmdlet to start a Directory synchronization of Workspace ONE Access.
- Added `Export-DriJsonSpec` cmdlet to generate a JSON specification file for Developer Ready Infrastructure.
- Added `Invoke-DriDeployment` cmdlet to perform an end-to-end deployment of Developer Ready Infrastructure.
- Added `Invoke-UndoDriDeployment` cmdlet to perform removal of Health Reporting and Monitoring.
- Added `Export-HrmJsonSpec` cmdlet to generate a JSON specification file for Health Reporting and Monitoring.
- Added `Invoke-HrmDeployment` cmdlet to perform an end-to-end deployment of Health Reporting and Monitoring.

> - Added `Invoke-UndoHrmDeployment` cmdlet to perform removal of Developer Ready Infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Invoke-UndoHrmDeployment` cmdlet to perform removal of Health Reporting and Monitoring.
```
